We put culture first in the book, because getting it right means we save about 100 pages of
hand-holding and rear-covering. Culture is what keeps us coming to work every day. Here are the
basic principles we hold dear:

- Crew, not navy: Pirate crews were always more “family” than naval crews, we want to be in that same boat. From the way we interact as coworkers to the way we approach problems, let’s think as a crew. Creative solutions to problems (technical or not) always win. We may argue about code quality or deadlines but at the end of the day, we’re in this ship together. 
- The Mullet Principle: Business in the front, party in the back. We will laugh and have fun at work because work that’s fun is work that’s worth doing. We’re also experts at what we do so when we’re with clients we also want to appear as slick and professional as we can. If we present ourselves as world class, we will continue to attract world class clients. Go the extra mile for our clients. Have fun and produce amazing work.
- Do cool stuff: We get to work with some pretty awesome clients and get to choose the set of tools we build things with. Let’s always ensure that when we take on work or build something that we’re doing it in a way that’s forward thinking and pushes the envelope of what our client might be used to. Always surprise them.
- Always Be Learning: Always be learning. This one is simple, if you feel you know everything about what you’re working on, start teaching yourself something new. This doesn’t have to be a software related. Just learn something new. Something artistic, a new instrument, a spoken language, fly fishing. Pushing yourself to learn will teach you how to approach problems in ways you might never have expected.
- Push: Whether it’s pushing for excellence or pushing back against a client wanting to do something that’s shady or against your principles, always push. Strive for excellence and quality but also push back against things that are wrong or situations that make you feel uncomfortable. Notice that our Mission Statement starts with employees; that's no accident.
